Update best-practices-for-effective-testing.md with clean facade (#3027)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/dg/dev/guidelines/testing-guidelines/testing-best-practices/best-practices-for-effective-testing.md

## Test API

It is often stated that you should test the smallest possible unit of your application. While this ensures granular validation, it can lead to excessive tests that verify individual units but do not confirm whether they work together. Integration tests help address this but often result in redundant coverage, increasing test execution time.

> In Spryker, we prioritize API tests as they serve as the primary entry point into the application code. API tests should cover both the Facade and Plugins (applicable to Plugins that bypass the Facade) to ensure correct functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Spryker, we prioritize module API tests as they serve as the primary entry point into the module business logic. Module API tests should cover both the **Facade** and **Plugins** (skip for Facade wrapping plugins) to ensure correct functionality.
```

> Each API method should have at least two test cases: a happy-path and an unhappy-path scenario. Ideally, tests should cover the entire API specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each module API method should have at least two test cases: a happy-path and an unhappy-path scenario. Ideally, tests should cover the entire API specification.
```

> If the Arrange section of an API test becomes overly complex, consider adding targeted unit tests to ensure clarity and maintainability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Arrange section of a module API test becomes overly complex, consider adding targeted unit tests to ensure clarity and maintainability.
```
